# EDM-Portfolio Refelectioon 
Thanks to HUDK 4050, I have done lots coding exercises, and I can't wait to show everyone in this space as I have attached my coding exercises files in this portfolio.
Here is the list of my files and links:


It is my second year of study at TC Columbia University, I am taking this HUDK 4050 course to further enhance my data mining skills. After taking the introduction courses of HUDK 4054 and 5042, I learned what is data mining and data management, but did not really practice coding. I always wanted to learn more about the actual coding process when talking about educational data mining. Before coming to TC, I was a Quantitative Economics Major student in UC Irvine, I have done tons of research and coding on economics and markets data, however, the educational data mining is totally different from doing business data analysis, I do not know how can our analysis help education in specific areas, and what analysis strategies should I use for different topics and dataset is another big problem I have to solve by taking this course. My personal learning goal changed when I started doing the EDM project with my team, my focus of the course before was just to master the coding skills, but this project has really brought me back to think what is the actual goal and needs for our coding and analysis, if we could not think of a problem or need for this analysis, all the coding and analysis will worth nothing, especially for educational purposes, what can our data analysis help in terms of actual implication and actual world practices is very important. 

In this course, I have learned ways of finding the relationship between data sets, and how to evaluate our model’s accuracies. Example models are OLS, Squared Error, K mean Clustering. Silhouette Analysis; Model Evaluation tools such as: Confusion Matrix, ROC, Precision Recall Curve, R squared, Scree Plot. The biggest take away I have for this course was the model evaluation strategies, before attending this course, all my focus was just to build a model and do regression analysis, after some practices of ACA and ICE assignments, I learned that evaluating my model is another important step, and model evaluation can explain the variance, find the accuracy, it is also necessary to find the data to determine the performance either by using new data or separate from the original data. This is also challenging to me, because some of the evaluation tools are brand new to me, I may lack actual practices and chances to use it. I have applied the scree plot method in my ACA 3 evaluation since I have done PCA in this assignment and explored the number of components for this data analysis. 

In my opinion, I have achieved my learning goals as I have practiced lots of coding alone, also I have learned the needs behind doing all these analysis and coding. I’m switching my focus from coding to critical thinking of why I need to do the analysis, what could my result possibly help and done in real world implications. This course has brought my attention to thinking about the current education system and problems that I may want to further research into, I now think as data analytics, we are not only work with data, we are also working with the whole education society, and we need to focus on finding the problems and think about the solutions, coding and data analysis is just one way we can show the problem’s existence, but it’s not solving the problem. In the future, I would like to work with the actual education institution or related businesses to solve actual problems and have hands on experiences, I think practice and experiences are the keys to master a skill.  
